---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ansible_playbook2 Resource - terraform-provider-ansible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ansible_playbook2 (Resource)

Provides an Ansible playbook resource that dynamically generates an inventory based the `ansible_host` and `ansible_group` resources in your project.  
Make sure you've installed the `cloud.terraform` collection via `ansible-galaxy collection install cloud.terraform`.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "ansible_playbook2" "playbook" {
  playbook     = "playbook.yml"
  replayable   = true
  state_file   = "terraform.my-stack.tfstate"
  project_path = "cdktf.out/stacks/my-stack"

  extra_vars = {
    var_a = "Some variable"
    var_b = "Another variable"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `playbook` (String) Path to ansible playbook.

### Optional

- `ansible_playbook_binary` (String) Path to ansible-playbook executable (binary).
- `check_mode` (Boolean) If 'true', playbook execution won't make any changes but only change predictions will be made.
- `diff_mode` (Boolean) If 'true', when changing (small) files and templates, differences in those files will be shown. Recommended usage with 'check_mode'.
- `extra_vars` (Map of String) A map of additional variables as: { keyString = "value-1", keyList = ["list-value-1", "list-value-2"], ... }.
- `force_handlers` (Boolean) If 'true', run handlers even if a task fails.
- `ignore_playbook_failure` (Boolean) This parameter is good for testing. Set to 'true' if the desired playbook is meant to fail, but still want the resource to run successfully.
- `keep_temporary_inventory_file` (Boolean) If 'true' will not delete the temporary inventory file. Use for troubleshooting outside of Terraform.
- `limit` (List of String) List of hosts to exclude from the playbook execution.
- `name` (String) Name of the desired host on which the playbook will be executed.
- `project_path` (String) The path to the Terraform project. When using CDKTF, set this to the folder of your stack inside cdktf.out/stacks, e.g. cdktf.out/stacks/mystack. See [the cloud.terraform documentation](https://github.com/ansible-collections/cloud.terraform/blob/main/docs/cloud.terraform.terraform_provider_inventory.rst#parameters) for more info
- `replayable` (Boolean) If 'true', the playbook will be executed on every 'terraform apply' and with that, the resource will be recreated. If 'false', the playbook will be executed only on the first 'terraform apply'. Note, that if set to 'true', when doing 'terraform destroy', it might not show in the destroy output, even though the resource still gets destroyed.
- `state_file` (String) The path to the Terraform state file. See [the cloud.terraform documentation](https://github.com/ansible-collections/cloud.terraform/blob/main/docs/cloud.terraform.terraform_provider_inventory.rst#parameters) for more info.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags of plays and tasks to run.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `var_files` (List of String) List of variable files.
- `vault_files` (List of String) List of vault files.
- `vault_id` (String) ID of the desired vault(s).
- `vault_password_file` (String) Path to a vault password file.
- `verbosity` (Number) A verbosity level between 0 and 6. Set ansible 'verbose' parameter, which causes Ansible to print more debug messages. The higher the 'verbosity', the more debug details will be printed.

### Read-Only

- `ansible_playbook_stderr` (String) An ansible-playbook CLI stderr output.
- `ansible_playbook_stdout` (String) An ansible-playbook CLI stdout output.
- `args` (List of String) Used to build arguments to run Ansible playbook with.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `temp_inventory_file` (String) Path to created temporary inventory file.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)



